README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/okfde/codefor.de.svg?branch=gh-pages)](https://travis-ci.org/okfde/codefor.de)

# CodeFor.de

These are the source files for the [Code for Germany Website](http://codefor.de).

## Setup

You can easily do edits and preview changes on github. But if to want to preview
your edits or do bigger changes, you need a local setup.

For that you first need to install git, Ruby and gem.

Then clone this repository by invoking the following in a terminal,
presuming you know how to get there:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/okfde/codefor.de.git
```
Install Ruby and gem. Then get the dependencies:

```bash
sudo gem install bundler
bundler install
```

You can now build the site and serve it:

```bash
bundler exec jekyll serve
```

This command will give you a link where you can preview your changes in your browser.

## Notes

 * Please use **mobile friendly filesizes** for images.

 * You can set a teaser for texts by defining it in the frontmatter: `excerpt: "<TEXT>"`.

 * The teaser  for an image can be set with `imgname-teaser: "<[RELATIVE] PATH TO IMAGE>"`.

## Update avatars

There's a python script to save all GitHub avatars into the repository:

```bash
virtualenv .env
source .env/bin/activate
pip install pyyaml requests
python update_avatars.py
deactivate
```

Commit message:

Removed Gemfile.lock
Github pages uses the latest release of pages-gem
(https://github.com/github/pages-gem/releases) and not the one we
locked.  Therefore the tests on travis should use the latest release
as well.

It also keeps us from constantly having to update the lock file.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/okfde/codefor.de.svg?branch=gh-pages)](https://travis-ci.org/okfde/codefor.de)

# CodeFor.de

These are the source files for the [Code for Germany Website](http://codefor.de).

## Setup

You can easily do edits and preview changes on github. But if to want to preview
your edits or do bigger changes, you need a local setup.

For that you first need to install git, Ruby and gem.

Then clone this repository by invoking the following in a terminal,
presuming you know how to get there:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/okfde/codefor.de.git
```
Install Ruby and gem. Then get the dependencies:

```bash
sudo gem install bundler
bundler install
```

You can now build the site and serve it:

```bash
bundler exec jekyll serve
```

This command will give you a link where you can preview your changes in your browser.
Make sure to call `bundler update` from time to time to keep the dependencies up to date.

## Notes

 * Please use **mobile friendly filesizes** for images.

 * You can set a teaser for texts by defining it in the frontmatter: `excerpt: "<TEXT>"`.

 * The teaser  for an image can be set with `imgname-teaser: "<[RELATIVE] PATH TO IMAGE>"`.

## Update avatars

There's a python script to save all GitHub avatars into the repository:

```bash
virtualenv .env
source .env/bin/activate
pip install pyyaml requests
python update_avatars.py
deactivate
```
